h2. JavaScript Include

JavaScript Include is a simple script for including scripts on the fly. It relies on @XMLHttpRequest@ and @eval()@ to load scripts as soon as they're requested.

JavaScript Include uses a very simple module pattern to package scripts as self-contained modules. It includes a function called @namespace()@, which is inspired by the YUI namespace function. JavaScript Include itself is written in its module pattern, and there is also an example provided at @src/example.js@.

JavaScript Include always evaluates scripts in an anonymous scope, so the module must use either the @namespace()@ function or make a @window@ reference to make functions visible to other scripts.

h3. Organization

The source code for JavaScript Include is located in @src/js/include.js@. A minified version is also supplied.

An example module is located at @src/example.js@. You can ensure that it works by opening @src/example.html@.

A copy of the GNU General Public License, under which this script is distributed, is located in @COPYING@.

h3. Compatibility

Tested with most browsers I can easily get my hands on:

|_.Browser|_.Platform|_.Result|
|Safari 3|Mac OS X|{background:#40A662}. Success|
|Firefox 3|Mac OS X|{background:#40A662}. Success|
|Opera 9.6|Mac OS X|{background:#40A662}. Success|
|Camino 1.6|Mac OS X|{background:#40A662}. Success|
|Google Chrome|Windows XP|{background:#40A662}. Success|
|Firefox 3|Windows XP|{background:#40A662}. Success|
|Opera 9.6|Windows XP|{background:#40A662}. Success|
|Internet Explorer 7|Windows XP|{background:#40A662}. Success|
|Internet Explorer 6|Windows XP|{background:#40A662}. Success|
|Internet Explorer 5.5|Windows XP|{background:#40A662}. Success|

h3. Copyright

Copyright (C) 2009 Andrew Noyes

This program is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License